pages/users.md, before:

---
title: Users
keywords: users
tags: [users]
sidebar: home_sidebar
permalink: users.html
summary: 
---

If you're using Micro, feel free to add your company

### Companies

- [Agora.io](http://agora.io) -- Real-Time video, audio, and live interactive broadcasting Communication API solution
- [AdCamie](http://adcamie.com/) - Social media Ads solution
- [Ankr](https://www.ankr.network/) - Distributed cloud computing network
- [Arex](https://arex.io/) - Automated receivable exchange
- [Bottos](https://bottos.org/) - Decentralised AI network
- [Capital One](https://www.capitalone.com/) - Financial services
- [CodersRank](https://codersrank.io/) - Real time profiles for open source contributions
- [Coesia](https://www.coesia.com/en) - Industrial and packaging solutions
- [Dark Cubed](http://darkcubed.com) - Cyber security services
- [Elumium](https://www.elumium.com/) - Tenant communications
- [Glue](https://glue.group) - Digital development agency
- [Hightech](https://hightech.fm/) - Tech media platform
- HuanLian（焕链科技）- Blockchain technology
- [Human Ventures](https://humanventures.co/) - NYC based startup studio
- [Imgur](https://imgur.com/) - Social image sharing platform
- [Jumia](https://food.jumia.com/) - Food delivery service
- [Karhoo](https://karhoo.com/) - Urban mobility marketplace
- [Kazoup](http://www.kazoup.com) - File management platform
- [Kyperion](https://kyperion.com) - Health & fitness training platform
- [Mohu](https://www.mohukeji.com/) - Blockchain Finance solution
- [Neds](https://www.neds.com.au/) - Betting online website
- [Pie](http://pie.io/) - Fleet management platform
- [Popsa](https://popsa.com/) - Photo book printing service
- [Profects](https://profects.com/) - Software studio
- [Pydio](https://pydio.com/) - File sharing platform
- [Reserve](https://reserve.com/) - Restaurant booking service
- [Ridygo](https://www.ridygo.fr/) - Carpooling in realtime for your short-distance trips
- [Riverbed](https://www.riverbed.com/gb/) - Software defined networking
- [Savvy](https://www.joinsavvy.com/en/) - Coupon website
- [Sipsynergy](http://www.sipsynergy.co.uk/) - Telecommunications services
- [Sixt](https://www.sixt.com) - Car rental enterprise
- [Stillwater Supercomputing](http://www.stillwater-sc.com/) - Knowledge processing system
- [TodayTix](https://www.todaytix.com/) - Ticket reservation service
- [Vimeo](https://vimeo.com/) - Video sharing platform
- [Ulule](https://www.ulule.com/) - Crowdfunding platform 
- [Unity Labs](https://www.unitylabs.io/) - Blockchain development company
- [VXLab](https://www.vxlab.com/) - Visual programming platform
- [Wonderbly](https://www.wonderbly.com/) - Childrens book company

{% include links.html %}

Commit message:

add honeywell to users page

pages/users.md, after:

---
title: Users
keywords: users
tags: [users]
sidebar: home_sidebar
permalink: users.html
summary: 
---

If you're using Micro, feel free to add your company

### Companies

- [Agora.io](http://agora.io) -- Real-Time video, audio, and live interactive broadcasting Communication API solution
- [AdCamie](http://adcamie.com/) - Social media Ads solution
- [Ankr](https://www.ankr.network/) - Distributed cloud computing network
- [Arex](https://arex.io/) - Automated receivable exchange
- [Bottos](https://bottos.org/) - Decentralised AI network
- [Capital One](https://www.capitalone.com/) - Financial services
- [CodersRank](https://codersrank.io/) - Real time profiles for open source contributions
- [Coesia](https://www.coesia.com/en) - Industrial and packaging solutions
- [Dark Cubed](http://darkcubed.com) - Cyber security services
- [Elumium](https://www.elumium.com/) - Tenant communications
- [Glue](https://glue.group) - Digital development agency
- [Hightech](https://hightech.fm/) - Tech media platform
- [Honeywell](https://www.honeywell.com/) - Produces commercial and consumer products, engineering services and aerospace systems.
- HuanLian（焕链科技）- Blockchain technology
- [Human Ventures](https://humanventures.co/) - NYC based startup studio
- [Imgur](https://imgur.com/) - Social image sharing platform
- [Jumia](https://food.jumia.com/) - Food delivery service
- [Karhoo](https://karhoo.com/) - Urban mobility marketplace
- [Kazoup](http://www.kazoup.com) - File management platform
- [Kyperion](https://kyperion.com) - Health & fitness training platform
- [Mohu](https://www.mohukeji.com/) - Blockchain Finance solution
- [Neds](https://www.neds.com.au/) - Betting online website
- [Pie](http://pie.io/) - Fleet management platform
- [Popsa](https://popsa.com/) - Photo book printing service
- [Profects](https://profects.com/) - Software studio
- [Pydio](https://pydio.com/) - File sharing platform
- [Reserve](https://reserve.com/) - Restaurant booking service
- [Ridygo](https://www.ridygo.fr/) - Carpooling in realtime for your short-distance trips
- [Riverbed](https://www.riverbed.com/gb/) - Software defined networking
- [Savvy](https://www.joinsavvy.com/en/) - Coupon website
- [Sipsynergy](http://www.sipsynergy.co.uk/) - Telecommunications services
- [Sixt](https://www.sixt.com) - Car rental enterprise
- [Stillwater Supercomputing](http://www.stillwater-sc.com/) - Knowledge processing system
- [TodayTix](https://www.todaytix.com/) - Ticket reservation service
- [Vimeo](https://vimeo.com/) - Video sharing platform
- [Ulule](https://www.ulule.com/) - Crowdfunding platform 
- [Unity Labs](https://www.unitylabs.io/) - Blockchain development company
- [VXLab](https://www.vxlab.com/) - Visual programming platform
- [Wonderbly](https://www.wonderbly.com/) - Childrens book company

{% include links.html %}
